i
ah
hello spartan I'm a disc and it's a
departure in swat and what I wanted them
talk is about a very subject
interesting which would be the
blue light of playstation 4 death
and its symptoms well first we started
for clarifying something the play 4 came out
a few days in the USA but it will come to our
country that is mexico and also to euro to
Europe
the 29th of this month to the 22nd of November
but they have already been presenting
what some have called the blue light of
the death which would come hinting
to what was known as the ring
red of death or the three red lights
that affected the launch a few years ago
of the xbox 360
what is the blue light of death
well your symptoms are the following
could be our four more than anything
is that the indicator is understood in color
blue intermittently is not output from
audio or video the attribution the console
it turns off after the blue blink and what
last if after you understand your
console the brightness does not lose the color
blue and does not return white well they will be
counting and why it may be due
let's say the disease well with the
possible causes would be the compatibility
with your television this is in case
your screen is very new but you can
update faults with the Internet
electric current support you can
force shutdown disconnect the cable
current until we were surprised
the indicator or spoke of its voltage
problem
with the hard drive and problems with another
Hardware component
this would basically what
would cause it to have said are and to
respect
for they are and this is not something new since
they expected between 0.4 percent
that your consoles will fail as they have
mentioned are and have been sold in the
first day or as they went more than one
million consoles so to be a
perspective is that the equivalent to
that would be around 1 250
conventions with more than one million
Playstation 4 systems sold
calculates that about 4 thousand systems are
those who would have the faults
although that is a small number in
comparison with the 996,000 against
that are working correctly but
it is little consolation for those affected
they have to send their floor to papers
of 400 dollars back are and
all right
Another important point is what
for example in amazon
positive grades there are also
many many negatives and negatives
greet this problem
what he is doing is and is obviously
replace the consoles but I finish
offers a series of steps that is in a
technical support guide to try
fix it
but no
you hope you buy a new console
so that you failing
but that is already everyone's decision if
they risk now to buy it not
although as I am saying this is very
limited and although they are and estimated that
out of 0.4 percent the errors
now it is estimated that those who
they complain they would come but about 1% and
still do not know
the remaining percentage in how much time
the console will be decomposed
it could definitely become a problem
more serious
but as so far many
owners have made their shares of
games of two hours in a row has not been
decomposed nothing as it is unlikely
it happens so it's part
a few days of leaving elected let's hope
that nothing similar arises that in the
personal opinion I do not think it is
pretty well designed that's why it's very
very large other many fans
a lot of everything so I want to see
your comments and your position as a first
play and now I did not know 5 the same
they will save they will wait a while
that would be all is portas I invite you to
that they are going to see my page of this my
mexico is in the instruction of the video
also my facebook page of this
There is also the page of
facebook of
of what would come from this Mexico
and until the next video spartans